MAKE SURE TO READ THIS ENTIRE FILE AND UNDERSTAND IT BEFORE ATTEMPTING IT.

To connect to LaTechWPA2, you will have to make some changes to a settings file.
This is a very important file and therefore you want to be CAREFUL when making
adjustments to this file. Make sure to type out everything accurately and
carefully.

1. In a terminal window, navigate to the directory "/etc/wpa_supplicant/" 
using the command below
	cd /etc/wpa_supplicant/

2. There should be a file called wpa_supplicant.conf in this directory. You can
list the files in any directory in which you currently are using the command
below in the terminal
	ls -l

If you don't see the wpa_supplicant.conf file, then you are in the wrong
directory. Don't proceed unless you can see that file.

3. You will now need to edit the file to give it your tech credentials. Open the
file using the command below
	sudo leafpad wpa_supplicant.conf

This should open the file using the program leafpad (which is a basic text
editor) while also giving your administrator privileges (which you need since
you are about to change a settings file).

4. In that file, you should see a lot of information including wireless networks
that your raspberry pi has already been connected to in its past. One of the
networks that has been inserted for you is LaTechWPA2 and that is the only
section of this file that you will be changing. If you make any other changes to
this file (intentionally or accidentally), there is a chance that your wireless
will not work for any network until that change is rectified.

5. There should be two lines in the LaTechWPA2 section that you will need to
change.
5a. Change the identity field to contain your tech user name i.e. the first 6
characters/numbers from your tech email acount. Make sure to leave the rest of
that line as it is i.e. quotation marks, equals sign, etc.

	identity="aaa111"

5b. Change the password field to contain the password you use for your tech
email account. It should also be placed within the quotation marks.

	password="thisisabadpassword"

**Admittedly this is not a very secure way of storing the password for anything
but it is the easiest. If you are interested in using more secure ways, google
is your friend. Look into it once you've successfully connected to the
Internet.**

6. Read over the changes you've made to make sure you typed everything in
correctly (especially your username and password) 

7. Save the file (you can use the shortcut Ctrl+S) OR Select File -> Save.

8. Close the file

9. Reopen the file to make sure that your changes were actually saved. If it
doesnt look like they were, then go back to step 4. Otherwise proceed to step 10.

10. Reboot your computer. It should connect automatically to
LaTechWPA2 after restarting.

11. Good luck.

12. If you have connected to LaTechWPA2, then you no longer need this file and
can delete it. Or store it somewhere else. Or leave it here. Its your PI so you
can do whatever you like...you can do whatever you like...get it? TI? No? Maybe
I'm just old.
